Fixing vulnerability (#15)
eclipse-velocitas/release-documentation-action: README.md

|sourcePath|true|folder where the action retrieves the raw result files|
|packagePath|true|target path where the results are copied to |

# Contributing

For guidance on setting up a development environment and how to make a contribution to the Velocitas Release Documentation Action, see the [contributing guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Updating dependencies

Sometimes dependencies needs to be updated to address vulnerabilities.
If the vulnerability is known by npm (and a fix is published) you can typically request npm to update all existing vulnerabilities:

```bash
sudo npm audit fix
```

If the vulnerability is not (yet) considered as a vulnerability by npm you can update it manually:

```bash
sudo npm update cross-spawn
```

After updating you should do some basic checks that the tool is still working:

```bash
npm run build
npm run package
```

After updating dependencies the file `NOTICE-3RD-PARTY-CONTENT.md` needs to be updated.
The easiest way to do this is to create a Pull Request (preferably as draft),

> then the license check will fail but as output produce content that you can add to the Pull Request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then the "Check Licenses" workflow will fail but as output produce content that you can add to the Pull Request.
```
